# CRM404

The area in which we are living is expanding quickly day by day. Technology is the new tool of doing business. Albania is a small country which in the last 4 years has started to adapt the IT tools in SMEs and Big Businesses. 

Even though Information Technology is the new trend worldwide, Albanian Businessmen’s are somehow suspicious and withdrawn against these new tools of managing information. Most of the employees use handwritten papers or old desktop application, including here Microsoft Office Package (mostly Excel) with the reason of safety. According to them, tracking their daily activities or storing confidential information in Cloud, is not trusted and at the same time they describe information system tools as very expensive and costly for their businesses. But, they do accept that working in this way is not efficient at all. 

Recently, the mindset of some entrepreneurs and CEO-s has changed. Traveling often, attending different seminars or meeting, when they had to be in their office has made them more connected to technology and internet. Nowadays, you can control everything that is going on in your business by using different CRM-s or IT tools. This is one of the reasons why some businesses implement these tools. Added, for those who really want to keep up with the current technology development, implementing IT tools is a must. 

In order to develop our project, we found support by an open-minded Entrepreneur who is the owner of a market chain. He welcomed us in the headquarters office, and gave us all the needed information. The idea of this project is creating a CRM for an Albanian company in the service sector that includes the processes of import, export and selling of goods. This software aims to solve a problem that existed between the markets and the central magazine. In cases of product out of stock, all the supermarkets connected to the magazine by cell phone. This was not very efficient and the owner would like to use a web-based application to handle in specific this problem.

The solution offered by us was a CRM in which one of the functions would be the connection between the supermarket employee and the magazine manager. This web-based application will also have other features related to Human Resource Department by managing the payroll’s, managers will keep track of their employees, managing inventory and the supermarkets will never be out of stock. Moreover, this software is web-based, so it can be accessed from everywhere by every registered user. 
